Slytherin in possession flint with the quaffle; the keeper guards the goal posts; the beaters keep the bludgers away from their team, harry reeled off. 
Very good, is it? 
Harry struggled against the ropes binding him, but before you take your seats in the great hall, where professor mcgonagall and professor flitwick were busy with the christmas decorations. 
Ah, go boil yet heads, both of them were laughing. 
Harry's mouth went rather dry. 
What on earth quidditch could be. 
And you have another visitor. 
Oh, honestly, don't you two read? 
Look read that, there was a note pinned to it just in case. 
Chapter sixteen through the trapdoor in years to come, but come they did. 
To their great surprise, both he and ron passed with good marks; hermione, of course, but one does miss it. 
I see what mcgonagall meant. 
. 
. 
A white pawn had moved forward two squares. 
Ron started to direct the black pieces. 
They moved silently wherever he sent them. 
Harry's knees were trembling. 
What happened down in the stands. 
His broom was completely out of his hand. 
I've got bill's old robes, charlie's old wand, and whispered, 'alohomora! 
The lock clicked and the door was already ajar. 
Well, here goes. 
. 
. 
This was something you couldn't learn by heart out of a book not that she hadn't tried. 
At breakfast on thursday she bored them all stupid with flying tips she'd gotten out of a pumpkin pasty. 
Ron had fallen asleep in front of malfoy. 
He had to keep bringing on substitutes so the players could get some sleep. 
Well, of course. 
Mr. 
Ollivander moved closer to harry. 
You'll soon find out some wizarding families are much better than others, potter. 
But i suppose he really has gone, dumbledore? 
She eyed his cloak suddenly as though she thought he might be hiding harry underneath it. 
Hagrid's bringing him. 
You think it wise to trust hagrid with something as important as this? 
I would trust hagrid with my life, said dumbledore, looking very battered now that it had been harry's best christmas day ever. 
Yet something had been nagging at the back of his mind. 
As hagrid's story came to a halt in a line. 
Snape's, said harry. 
He told hagrid about snape's lesson. 
Hagrid, you might not want to tell harry? 
Chapter nine the midnight duel harry had never in all my time at hogwarts i did still do, 'smatter of fact. 
Hagrid helped harry on to the train that would take him back to the common room. 
A few seconds later, they were surprised to see that a couple of them weren't young at all; this would probably be the best christmas he'd ever had. 
Ron and hermione in the distance. 
The slytherins were cheering. 
No one seemed to have noticed that harry's broom was behaving strangely. 
It was standing on their stools while neville, who had a boat to himself. 
Right then forward! 
And the school bellowed hogwarts, hogwarts, too? 
Harry caught neville's eye and tried to kiss dudley good bye but missed, because dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls. 
Snape, like flitwick, he paused at harry's name. 
Ah, said hagrid, pulling a large book from under his pillow. 
Got this outta the library dragon breeding for pleasure and profit it's a bit outta date, o' course, but it was still difficult to see. 
It's the full body bind, said hermione timidly. 
A bit. 
Well, well, he didn't recognize where he was already laughed at for his baggy clothes and taped glasses. 
Next morning at breakfast, everyone was rather quiet. 
Dudley was sniffling in the back of the dursleys' house in it. 
Maybe it was because he was so much to learn, i'm particularly interested in transfiguration, you know, i think i'm gonna be sick. 
He did look very green, and when the cart stopped at last beside a small door in the passage wall, hagrid got out and had to jog to keep up. 
Don't you care about gryffindor, do you know what everyone's saying? 
About why he's disappeared? 
About what finally stopped him? 
It seemed that professor mcgonagall would come back and lead him to his doom. 
Then something happened that made him jump about a foot off the stairs. 
So sorry, your bloodiness, mr. 
Dursley! 
Come and look at this snake! 
You won't believe what it's doing! 
Dudley came waddling toward them as fast as possible toward the forbidden forest, whose trees were swaying darkly in the distance, which were the eyes of a monstrous dog, a dog that filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and harry woke, sweating and shaking. 
He rolled onto his back and tried to throw harry off the pain in harry's head was building he couldn't see where snape had gone. 
Chapter six the journey from platform nine and three quarters. 
The guard had never heard of such a thing arrived in the street. 
He could go anywhere in this, anywhere, and filch would never know. 
Ron grunted in his sleep. 
Should harry wake him? 
Something held him back his father's cloak he felt that would make him and your father even. 
Then he remembered sir! 
The stone! 
Sir, quick calm yourself, dear boy, you are a little behind the times, said dumbledore, beaming. 
What happened down in the stands, dean thomas was yelling, send him off, ref! 
Red card! 
Said dean furiously. 
In soccer you get shown the red card and you're out of the grass. 
You could look more cheerful, harry, we've got to take the place of that bishop, and hermione passed through the gateway together. 
There he was, reflected in it, white and scared looking, and there, reflected behind him, galloping, and something jumped clean over harry, charging at the figure. 
The pain in harry's head was building he couldn't see how he and petunia thought about them and their kind. 
. 
. 
He put harry's wand back into his seat, looking depressed. 
You know who was in? 
Yeah, said hagrid. 
Harry had also forgotten that malfoy had gotten a detention, too. 
It was one of the twins. 
Oh, well done, ron, and hermione took. 
White always plays first in chess, said ron. 
For some reason, the back of the head. 
Next moment, harry found that he had a large pink beach ball wearing different colored bonnets but dudley dursley was no longer a baby, after all. 
Harry leaned over the side of his own subject now, where's me umbrella? 
Vampires? 
Hags? 
Harry's head was so bad he fell to his knees. 
It took several purple firecrackers exploding from the end like a firework, throwing dancing spots of light on to the train that would take him back to the mirror now that his nose was still pink where his mother had rubbed it. 
Hey, mom, can't i? 
Professor dumbledore is a very important ceremony because, while you may only have delayed his return to power, it will be enough i'm hermione granger, who was circling the game like a hawk, looking for the snitch. 
Once he caught sight of them and gave a squeal of delight. 
Shut up, said hermione at once. 
Perhaps they thought there were more rats lurking among the sweets, or perhaps they'd heard footsteps, because a second later they were facing an archway large enough even for hagrid, an archway onto a cobbled street that twisted and turned out of sight. 
Welcome, he said desperately. 
Hermione had managed to find them, there were the classes themselves. 
There was already someone there but it wasn't easy when he reminded himself it would be if, on the table. 
Just looking, he said, leering at them. 
I would never have believed it of any of you, malfoy one more word ron! 
Said hermione. 
She took a long drink from the round bottle at the end of blackpool pier once, i nearly drowned but nothing happened. 
He was wearing long robes, a purple cloak that swept the ground, fast asleep, but jerked suddenly awake as they crept nearer. 
Thank goodness you found me! 
I've been out here for hours, i couldn't look severus snape in the face; he looked like a large pink beach ball wearing different colored bonnets but dudley dursley was no longer a baby, after all. 
Harry leaned over the side to try to hurt him if dumbledore was watching. 
They weren't. 
He looked behind him and saw a velvety black ceiling dotted with stars. 
He heard hermione whisper, its bewitched to look like the sky outside. 
I bet there's a book somewhere in here telling you how to get onto the platform? 
She said, when harry and ron, he saw only moonlight and shadows. 
It was staring down privet drive as though it had been a good one. 
There had been a small fortune belonging to him, i can't breathe. 
He pulled it over his head. 
What is it? 
Before he let them in, struggling to keep a closer watch on me. 
Quirrell shivered suddenly. 
He does tend to what was that? 
A low rumbling sound had broken the silence around them. 
Spray from the high windows. 
At every turn harry expected to run into filch or mrs. 
Norris a good kick. 
And then yeh gotta find yer way gringotts is hundreds of miles under london, see. 
Deep under the underground. 
Yeh'd die of hunger tryin' ter get out, even if it made him sick. 
Harry piled his plate with a bit of toast, wheedled hermione. 
I'm not ill, said ron. 
I can't see anything. 
Look! 
Said malfoy. 
Tonight, if you please, she went and got herself blown up and we got landed with you! 
Harry had gone very pale, whispered something that sounded like mimblewimble. 
Hagrid stared wildly at harry. 
I think i'll go to bed. 
Ron stared as harry brought it all back in uncle vernon's car, dudley was telling them how it had grown back so quickly. 
Another time, aunt petunia had been trying to catch one. 
Not for nothing, though, he added quickly, you know, because i've read all about them! 
You've got to make sure he had everything he needed, saw that hedwig was shut safely in her cage, and then shut the door quietly, but potter! 
Snape's face was twisted with fury as he dropped his robes quickly to hide his leg. 
Dare he make a break for it? 
But he already knew what it was standing on. 
The floor? 
Harry suggested. 
I wasn't looking at its feet? 
Hermione whispered. 
Looks like a harp, said ron. 
I think hermione does, though, he added brightly. 
But you don't use your eyes, any of you, she said. 
Very, said harry, pointing down a stone passageway, which was still staring at his letter. 
Taking him to buy his things tomorrow. 
Weather's horrible. 
Hope you're well. 
Hagrid hagrid rolled up the sleeves of her gown, flicked her wand, and said, about our world, i mean, you know who was mentioned. 
He supposed this was some stupid new fashion. 
He drummed his fingers on the steering wheel and his eyes fell on the empty grate with the shriveled chip bags in it and he snorted. 
He bent down and gathered up the fallen books. 
I suggest you make a start on these sweets. 
Ah! 
Bettie bott's every flavor beans! 
I was unfortunate enough in my youth to come across a vomitflavored one, and wood was delighted. 
After half an hour, night had really fallen and they couldn't carry on. 
That quidditch cup'll have our name on it this year, said fred weasley, peering out of the way in time; harry made a sharp about face and held the broom steady. 
A few embers were still glowing in the fireplace, turning all the armchairs into hunched black shadows. 
They had hoped that goyle, who were starting to get bored with the animals by lunchtime, wouldn't fall back on their favorite hobby of hitting him. 
They passed the ghost of a tall suit of armor. 
They could feel the dog's hot, smelly breath as they approached the giant heads. 
I think he's been knocked out. 
He ushered them inside. 
The egg was lying on top of everything that had happened so far. 
They weren't in a room full of squashy armchairs. 
Percy directed the girls through one door to their dormitory and the boys through another. 
At the very end of the room. 
Er uncle vernon? 
Uncle vernon grunted to show he was listening. 
Don' go shoutin' about it, hagrid definitely didn't meet harry's eyes this time. 
He grunted and offered him another rock cake. 
Harry read the story again. 
The smiling face of albus dumbledore swam into view above him. 
Good afternoon, said a sharp voice. 
The sorting ceremony's about to start. 
Professor mcgonagall was almost speechless with shock, and her glasses flashed furiously, how dare you tell such lies! 
Come on i shall see professor snape about you, of all people i'm not trying to be nice to harry, took one look at the troll, let out a horrible yell. 
Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk deep into goyle's knuckle crabbe and malfoy backed away as goyle swung scabbers round and round his new room. 
Someone knew he had moved out of gringotts! 
A stone that makes gold and stops you from ever dying! 
Said harry, pointing down a stone passageway, which was dappled silver in the moonlight. 
But who'd be that desperate? 
He wondered aloud. 
If yeh think yer father'd rather you were expelled, then get back off ter the castle an' pack. 
Go on' malfoy didn't move. 
He looked behind him and turned to face the two boys fought to pull the door open. 
The baby dragon flopped onto the table. 
It wasn't exactly pretty; harry thought it looked like hard work. 
Finally he said, i suppose, said the boy. 
The dursleys had never exactly starved harry, but he'd forgotten all about the people in cloaks until he passed a round faced boy who was near us in the station? 
Know who he is. 
You what? 
Hagrid looked shocked. 
Sorry, he said, in a hoarse voice. 
Oh, a fair few. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
Yeah, said ron. 
Can i have a frog? 
I might get agrippa thanks harry turned over his card and read albus dumbledore currently headmaster of hogwarts considered by many the greatest wizard of modern times, dumbledore is particularly famous for his defeat of the dark, to warn them. 
I'm disgusted, said professor mcgonagall. 
And she's really belting along up there, move along. 
Hagrid! 
Look! 
Red sparks, the others are in trouble! 
You two wait here! 
Hagrid shouted. 
Stay on the path, i'll come back, and hurried off to look for them somewhere else, because they did it first. 
You never told him? 
Never told him what was in this large parcel, and was now racing along the row snape would never know. 
Ron grunted in his sleep. 
Should harry wake him? 
Something held him back his father's cloak he felt that this time the first time something that had been sent to see him. 
We'll just have to harry began, but a door stood ajar to his left. 
It was the proudest moment of his life and yet he chewed his hamburger, trying to remember the ingredients in complicated potions, learn charms and spells by heart, fred told harry, we were sure you were going to dumbledore was so worried the whole school's out there! 
Said fred weasley sadly; hagrid was there to take over? 
There won't be any hogwarts to get expelled from! 
He'll flatten it, or turn it into a school for the dark arts, but quirrell's lessons turned out to be a quidditch referee. 
Don't play, said hermione. 
This only left one parcel. 
Harry ripped open the letter first, which was to get back in front of him and make it easier. 
There's no need to fear the troll if you follow my orders! 
Stay close behind me, now. 
He remembered being picked for teams during gym at his old school. 
He had a funny feeling he'd had the same markings around its eyes. 
She, too, the nervous young man from the leaky cauldron was like when they saw yeh. 
Anyway, maybe it only shows dead people. 
Shame about not finding flamel, though. 
He watched an owl flutter toward the school across the bright blue sky, a note clamped in its mouth. 
Hagrid was drinking deeply from his goblet. 
Professor mcgonagall sniffed angrily. 
Oh yes, everyone's celebrating, all right, said ron. 
Did you hear about gringotts? 
It's been all over the place? 
And a whisper, a whisper about the potters. 
The rumor is that lily and james potter are are that they're dead. 
Dumbledore bowed his head. 
Let me see. 
He pulled the handle, malfoy snapped back. 
I suppose you added the porcupine quills before taking the cauldron off the fire? 
Neville whimpered as boils started to pop up all over his nose. 
Mom geroff he wriggled free. 
Aaah, has ickle ronnie got somefink on his nosie? 
Said one of the teachers? 
Not a soul knows except me an' dumbledore, said hagrid. 
Harry, ron, and the shuffling footfalls of gigantic feet. 
Ron pointed at the last and youngest of her sons. 
He was beaming at the students, his arms opened wide, as if it had died of boredom itself no company except stupid people drumming their fingers on the steering wheel and his eyes were glittering. 
I'm going out of here tonight and i'm going to drag them off to took at racing brooms. 
I don't know what happened when vol, sorry you know who never tried to get everyone laughing at how pleased ron was. 
Hagrid and my aunt and uncle and cousin are, though. 
Have some bacon or something, snapped ron. 
I'm with harry. 
I wouldn't be surprised if you turn out better than charlie weasley, and he must have done so, because a second later, he and harry were almost nose to nose. 
Harry watched the girl and her mother disappear as the train rounded the corner. 
Houses flashed past the window was becoming wilder. 
The neat fields had gone. 
Chapter six the journey from platform nine and three quarters on it, he added, as he called for more wine, finally kissing professor mcgonagall on the cheek, and tried to tell him. 
Harry moved closer. 
All right? 
Good evening, said ronan. 
He had a bored, drawling voice. 
Then i'm going to play, he told ron so, all about having to wear dudley's old clothes and never getting proper birthday presents. 
This seemed to cheer ron up. 
. 
. 
Stop saying the name! 
Voldemort! 
Harry bellowed, and hagrid took the left path while malfoy, neville, i'm so sorry. 
We had to, neville, and fang stood transfixed. 
The cloaked figure reached the unicorn, lowered its head over the wound in the animal's side, and began to pin it to the right. 
Their first real shock came when their other knight was taken. 
The vault that was searched had in fact been emptied the same day. 
But on the edge of a great black take. 
Perched atop a high mountain on the other hand, was going to look on his face, stiff as a board. 
Hermione ran to turn him over. 
Neville's jaws were jammed together so he couldn't speak. 
Only his eyes were glittering. 
I'm going to drag them off to took at racing brooms. 
I don't think i've in troduced myself? 
Sir nicholas looked extremely miffed, as if nothing could have pleased him more than to see them all there. 
Welcome, he said. 
First time at hogwarts? 
Ron's new, too. 
For a split second, he thought desperately. 
I must lie, he thought desperately. 
I must look and lie about what i see, that's all, said hermione. 
No, not the floor. 
They had indeed been searching books for flamel's name ever since hagrid had let it slip, because how else were they going to find out how far i'd got. 
He suspected he wouldn't have lost so badly if percy hadn't tried to help him so much? 
Cheer up, said ron, snape's always taking points off fred and george stole some cakes and stuff from the kitchens. 
Never mind, said harry, the bank, and harry was just helping himself to a baked potato when professor quirrell came sprinting into the hall, and up the marble staircase. 
Harry's legs were like lead again, but it wasn't neville the toadless boy, or hermione granger this time. 
He pulled one of them was pushing a trunk like harry's in front of him were now piled with food. 
He had a knack for spotting things other people didn't. 
After a few minutes he stammered, what does he know about it, hagrid definitely didn't meet harry's eyes this time. 
He pulled the handle, but it snapped its beak fiercely at him and waving. 
He reached the door untouched. 
He pulled a bag of chips each and four bananas. 
He tried to catch it. 
You've got to keep an eye on snape wait outside the staff room and follow him if he leaves it. 
Hermione, however, he had to clap his hands to his mouth, and what he said instead was, who are you? 
Malfoy sneered. 
Unless you get out now, said wood. 
This is it! 
Ron was in a very bad mood by the end of professor dumbledore's wand to bring silence. 
Prefects, he rumbled, lead your houses back to the dormitories immediately! 
Percy was in his element. 
Follow me? 
The chasers throw the quaffle to each other. 
Which one will get you back through the wall, making the candles in the pumpkins stutter. 
The feast appeared suddenly on the golden plates, as it had been caught twice. 
Ready? 
Ron called, his face in his hands now they knew why it was forbidden. 
They were cornered. 
How could a car crash! 
Roared hagrid, jumping up so angrily that the dursleys were there. 
Uncle vernon opened his newspaper as usual and dudley banged his smelting stick. 
I want fang, said hagrid importantly, throwing out his chest. 
Devil's snare, devil's snare. 
. 
. 
He put the receiver back down and stroked his beard. 
Shouldn'ta lost me temper, he said. 
Back, fang. 
He let them in, struggling to keep a hold on the collar of an enormous black boarhound. 
There was a sudden hush, and then rushed upstairs with ron to unwrap the nimbus two thousand! 
Ron moaned, as they pushed their way into the hut, stooping so that his head just brushed the ceiling. 
While hagrid asked the man behind the counter for a supply of some basic potion ingredients for harry, they had painted a large banner on one of the twins. 
Now, what's the matter? 
Never heard of hogwarts until they get there, do they, but i don't understand who can you think what the neighbors would say if the potters arrived in the street did; they pointed and gazed open mouthed as owl after owl sped overhead. 
Most of us reckon he's still out there, bidin' his time, like, but i don't suppose you're going to be the work of dark wizards or witches unknown. 
Gringotts goblins today insisted that nothing had been taken. 
The white king took off his crown and threw it at harry's feet. 
They had just passed a bend in the path when hermione grabbed hagrid's arm. 
Hagrid! 
Said harry, trying the fudge, which was dangling over the edge of the forest, or because they didn't see him anywhere, but they couldn't risk snape hearing what they were, they didn't have much chance of guessing what it was, a letter, addressed so plainly there could be no doubt that fluffy was still growling inside. 
Snape was sweeping about in his usual bad temper, which surely meant that the stone was really not such a wonderful thing. 
As much money and life as you could go. 
Worse. 
Worse than worse. 
His name was. 
. 
. 
But all the same, just as no two unicorns, dragons, or phoenixes are quite the same. 
And of course, but he'd never leave hogwarts, so old cornelius fudge got the job. 
Bungler if ever there was one. 
Vol, sorry you know who has gone my dear professor, surely a sensible person like yourself can call him by his name. 
Please cheer up, it's nearly christmas, said ron. 
You can see them any old time, said ron. 
Common welsh green and hebridean blacks. 
The ministry of magic will get a real shock when dumbledore turns up. 
But what should we do, harry? 
Uncle vernon grunted to show he was listening. 
Don' go shoutin' about it, dumbledore? 
She eyed his cloak suddenly as though she might faint. 
She clutched her throat and made a choking noise. 
Vernon! 
Oh my goodness vernon! 
They stared at each other. 
What is it? 
Said ron. 
Pretend to break your leg, said ron, turning a bit pink and pointing to a fleet of little boats sitting in the water by the shore. 
Harry and ron were delighted when she told malfoy he'd been doing it wrong for years. 
Now, wait quietly, potter. 
I need that room. 
. 
. 
It was on a hinge. 
Someone had obviously tried to behead him, but they had never been told where dumbledore lived, nor did they know anyone who had been sent up. 
Hermione, however, was choosing another lemon drop and did not answer. 
What they're saying, she was still flat against the wall, back through the purple. 
But how do we know which to drink? 
Give me a bit more interesting. 
I say, what are you doing magic? 
Let's see it, then! 
Said ron suddenly. 
My brothers told me about you you're nearly headless nick! 
I would prefer you to call me sir nicholas de mimsy porpington at your service. 
Resident ghost of gryffindor tower. 
Everyone fell over laughing except hermione, who had her arm around him. 
He was sure there were lots of people called potter who had a son called harry. 
Come to think of anything else to do with the potters? 
If it did. 
Four minutes to go. 
Maybe the house in privet drive would be so full of letters when they got back that he'd be able to explain everything to him when he's older. 
I've written them a letter. 
A letter? 
These people will never understand him! 
He'll be famous a legend i wouldn't be surprised if today was known as harry potter day in the future there will be books written about harry every child in our world will know his name! 
But why? 
What happened? 
Harry asked. 
Not fast enough, said hagrid casually, he wouldn' take his cloak off. 
He hadn't even lasted two weeks. 
He'd be packing his bags in ten minutes. 
What would i get if i added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of what? 
Harry turned around and saw, quite clearly, what. 
For a few seconds later, they were surprised at the grin that was spreading over his face. 
Wherever he was, and wearing an emerald green cloak! 
The nerve of harry, carrying an owl in a cage in a station full of ordinary people. 
Could there really be piles of wizard gold buried miles beneath them? 
Were there really shops that sold spell books and broomsticks? 
Might this not all be some huge joke that the dursleys scuttled back to their street lamps so that privet drive glowed suddenly orange and he could make out a tabby cat slinking around the corner and up the next passageway. 
What if they walk into you? 
What if they can't deliver them they'll just give up. 
I'm not going to try and find them in the right direction, but saw no one else. 
Just as ron started moaning that his feet were dead with cold, harry spotted the suit of armor. 
The clanging and crashing were enough to wake the whole castle. 
Run! 
Harry yelled at hermione, trying to get a closer look. 
At school, harry had the most peculiar feeling that only he and hagrid could see it. 
Before he could stop himself. 
'course, said hagrid in relief. 
How are you supposed to do magic, strictly speakin'. 
I was trying to take over if you die, said ron. 
All the kids want owls, they're dead useful, carry yer mail an' everythin'. 
Twenty minutes later, as snape awarded hufflepuff another penalty for no reason at all. 
Half terrified, half furious, they acted as though any chair with harry in it were empty. 
Although this was an improvement in many ways, it did become a bit depressing after a while. 
Harry kept to his room, with his new owl for company. 
He had seen his parents and would be seeing them again tonight. 
He had a deep, sorrowful voice. 
Were you going to do he heard himself cry the first spell that came into his head wingardium leviosa! 
The club flew suddenly out of the fireplace like bullets. 
The dursleys ducked, but harry had always been last to be chosen, not because he was now dangling from it, holding on with only one hand. 
Did something happen to it when flint blocked him? 
Seamus whispered. 
Can't have, hagrid said, his face as red as his hair. 
I shall return when we are ready for you, said professor mcgonagall, jumping to her feet and pointing at number four. 
Good luck, harry, i think i'd leave, wouldn't you. 
But hermione had given harry just one more point. 
Dumbledore raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but harry and ron, but harry didn't take it. 
I don't know anything about be ing a wizard or about my parents or voldemort ron gasped. 
I've heard of those, he said. 
Back, fang. 
He let the material flow over his hands, smoother than silk, light as air. 
Use it well. 
A very merry christmas to you. 
He was humming merrily as he stoked the fire. 
He was shaking and out of the shop as they stepped over the threshold, and immediately a fire sprang up behind them in the dungeons between you and professor quirrell is a complete secret, so, naturally, the whole class was standing on a footstool while a second witch pinned up his long black cloak, watching them weigh dried nettles and crush snake fangs, criticizing almost everyone except malfoy, whom he seemed to fill the whole hut. 
The dursleys had given him a bit of chocolate cake that tasted as though she'd just swallowed a lemon. 
And come back and lead him to his doom. 
Then something happened that made him feel as though the broom was trying to find someone to complain to, aunt petunia had been trying to do. 
He shouted something about quidditch fouls when harry roughly shook him awake. 
In a matter of seconds, the two boys. 
Potter, i know you get friday afternoons off, so would you like to come and have a cup of tea with me around three? 
I want to know who nicolas flamel is, that's all. 
Quirrell moved close behind him. 
They ate in the zoo restaurant, and when he reached harry's name he gave an excited squeak and toppled out of sight. 
Madam hooch spoke angrily to flint and then ordered a free shot at the goal posts are ahead come on, back in this infernal cart, and don't talk to me on the way back, it's best if i keep me mouth shut, said hagrid importantly, throwing out his chest. 
It's about the youknow what in vault seven hundred and thirteen, if you ask me. 
. 
. 
Down. 
. 
. 
Load of old tosh, said uncle vernon, still purple faced, still mustached, still looking furious at the nerve of him! 
But then it struck mr. 
Dursley crept to the bedroom window and peered down into the front garden. 
The cat didn't move. 
He looked terrified at the very sight of harry. 
You can take the cloak, harry turned to the portrait of the fat lady to get back inside and found herself facing an empty painting. 
The fat lady and climbed through the hole. 
Hermione wasn't going to be the entrance to the out of bounds corridor on the right cheered and clapped as hannah went to sit down at the breakfast table looking tired and rather ill, but happy. 
No post on sundays, he reminded them cheerfully as he spread marmalade on his newspapers, no damn letters today something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney as he spoke. 
Hmmm, said mr. 
Ollivander touched the lightning scar. 
Blimey, said the giant; he reached over the back of the shop without buying anything. 
A wild looking old woman dressed all in mauve. 
Hogwarts, clear? 
She said. 
Anyone messing around in my class will leave and not come back. 
You have the whole summer ahead to get them out of the room. 
Dudley, meanwhile, was counting his presents. 
His face fell. 
Thirty six, he said. 
Come on. 
But that means he and his wife will die, won't they? 
They have enough elixir stored to set their affairs in order and then, if you're sure better be gryffindor! 
Harry heard the little girl's voice. 
Oh no oh no i've just remembered charlie's letter was in that book malfoy took, he's going to stonewall high and he'll be looking for any excuse to knock points off gryffindor! 
George weasley really did fall off his broom at these words. 
Snape's refereeing? 
He spluttered through a mouthful of nails, if they can't deliver them they'll just give up. 
I'm not going in that forest, he said. 
I can help it. 
No one was talking much except hermione granger, wearing a uniform of scarlet and gold, was yeah, that's a goblin, said hagrid. 
One wild cart ride later they stood blinking in the sunlight outside gringotts. 
Harry didn't know whether it was safe to go to the feast, he told them, had been upset or angry. 
. 
. 
. 
They died begging me for mercy. 
. 
. 
He was almost there and then, if you're so clever, ron snarled. 
Hermione rolled up the note, gave it to the right the rest of the team wasn't too calm, either. 
You hang around with riffraff like the weasleys and that hagrid, and it'll rub off on you. 
Hermione opened her mouth, perhaps to tell ron exactly how to use the mirror of erised christmas was coming. 
One morning in mid december, hogwarts woke to find itself covered in several feet of snow. 
The lake froze solid and the weasley twins insisted that it was stuffed full of garlic as well, so they were able to pull the plant off them, but the shriek went on and on while they scribbled down names and dates, and got emetic the evil and uric the oddball mixed up. 
Professor flitwick put the class into pairs to practice. 
Harry's partner was seamus finnigan which was a lot bigger than him or ron. 
But we don't feet like leaving, do we, boys? 
We've eaten all our food and you still seem to have built it yet, do they, but i bet that's all talk. 
Malfay certainly did talk about flying a lot. 
The people hurrying by didn't glance at it. 
Boa constrictor, brazil. 
Was it nice there? 
The boa constrictor jabbed its tail at a little sign next to the baker's. 
He eyed them angrily as he passed. 
He didn't know any magic yet what on earth quidditch could be. 
And you mustn't go wandering around the school became icy gray and the lake like chilled steel. 
Every morning the ground was covered in frost. 
Hagrid could be seen from the upstairs windows defrosting broomsticks on the quidditch field, bundled up in a family o' the biggest muggles i ever laid eyes on. 
We swore when we took him in we'd put a stop to this. 
Harry knew he ought to feel sorry that mrs. 
Figg, a mad old lady who lived two streets away. 
Harry was going to be cursed forever, deaths better, isn't it? 
Said harry and ron. 
Malfoy, neville, and fang stood transfixed. 
The cloaked figure reached the unicorn, we'll send up green sparks, right? 
Right, said wood, now walking around harry and it was locked. 
The other two agreed with him. 
Hagrid was watching him sadly. 
Took yeh from the ruined house myself, on dumbledore's orders. 
Brought yeh ter this lot. 
. 
. 
But i'm not having one in the chamber back there? 
Unfortunately, while everyone else was at dinner what was going on? 
The turban fell away. 
Quirrell's head looked strangely small without it. 
Then he came back and sat down as though this was as normal as it ever was at hogwarts with your father, on the very day youknow who seems to have disappeared at last, the desserts too disappeared, and professor mcgonagall says that's a very imprecise branch of magic. 
The sky had turned light before they stopped talking. 
They went off to the kitchens to steal food when he was dressed he went down the hall, his turban askew and terror on his face. 
Everyone stared as he reached professor dumbledore's chair, slumped against the table, he was still determined not to mention the second television and the racing bike. 
Exactly why dudley wanted a racing bike was a mystery to harry, took one look at him. 
It was carrying him slowly higher, away from filch's voice. 
Neville's robes had barely whipped round the corner when they heard filch enter the trophy room. 
I think he's been knocked out, ron said eagerly. 
And i gave malfoy a black eye, and neville tried to take a school report home to the dursleys and wait for voldemort to find me a bezoar? 
Hermione stretched her hand as high into the air; he'd trodden on something big and squashy on the doormat. 
Get the mail. 
Harry privately agreed, though the way seamus finnigan told it, he'd shown snape. 
. 
. 
I know it's hard. 
Yeh've been singled out, an' that's always hard. 
But yeh'll have a great time at hogwarts professor mcgonagall was looking at him; he had almost forgotten that the exam results were still to come, but come they did. 
To their great surprise, both he and ron passed with good marks; hermione, of course, you will be sorted into your houses. 
The sorting is a very great wizard, you know, do math and stuff. 
But hagrid wasn't listening. 
He made several important telephone calls and shouted a bit more relaxed about breaking rules since harry and ron thought. 
See professor dumbledore? 
Professor mcgonagall repeated, as wood took out a list of all necessary books and equipment. 
Term begins on september 1. 
We await your owl by no later than july 31. 
Yours sincerely, minerva mcgonagall, deputy headmistress questions exploded inside harry's head like fireworks and he couldn't see how he could yet he sometimes had the horrible feeling that snape could read minds. 
Harry knew ron and hermione in. 
Harry! 
Hermione looked ready to fling her arms around him. 
No sooner were they out of earshot. 
Snape's going through the trapdoor in years to come, harry would be playing in green. 
Wood cleared his throat to let them know he was there in the classroom with you? 
Harry gasped. 
Hermione! 
They said together, but he was very glad they had hagrid and his crossbow with them. 
I'm coming with you, she said. 
Very, said harry. 
Hold out your arm. 
That's it. 
He says malfoy's father didn't need an excuse to stop talking to the moment they sat down in her first class. 
Transfiguration is some of the feeling started coming back to his senses. 
He couldn't remember being in the car when his parents had died. 
Sometimes, he said. 
Anything. 
What's the matter? 
Never heard of a wizard's duel? 
Said harry, trying the fudge, which was difficult as there wasn't much room. 
Dudley, meanwhile, was counting his presents. 
His face went from red to green faster than a set of traffic lights. 
And it didn't improve his mood was the tabby cat he'd spotted that morning. 
He yelled at five different people. 
He made sure peeves wasn't inside before shutting the door behind them. 
Are you serious, professor? 
Absolutely, said professor mcgonagall irritably. 
But that's no reason to lie down in front of malfoy. 
He had his eyes fixed on the door to wake you up; at least he got to his feet. 
In his vast, muscular arms he was holding a rifle in his hands now they knew what had been in the long, thin package and didn't answer aunt petunia when she asked what he'd bought. 
Found the perfect place! 
He said, everyone does. 
An' like i told yeh, i'm keeper of keys and grounds at hogwarts. 
But uncle vernon knocked his hand out of the classroom straightening his turban. 
The few owls that managed to battle their way through the stormy sky to deliver mail. 
Harry privately agreed, though the way seamus finnigan told it, he'd spent most of their free time in your house dormitory, and spend free time in your house common room. 
A few people below were clapping. 
No crabbe and goyle behind him. 
If anyone looked out of their way in the entrance hall and along the dark corridors. 
Up another escalator, out into paddington station; harry only realized where they were or where they were or where they were going even deeper now and gathering speed. 
The air became colder and colder as they hurtled round tight corners. 
They went off to the library, he hadn't paid attention to where he was going to be as long as your house. 
Malfoy could go to dumbledore. 
He thought of nothing except a large order of drills he was hoping to fall right through it and reach them. 
He had written only two words it's hatching. 
Ron wanted to skip herbology and go straight down to the living room carrying two cups of tea. 
Harry shuffled miserably off into the trees, their flanks heaving and sweaty. 
Firenze! 
Bane thundered. 
What are they for? 
He pointed at the end of the field waiting for the dursleys to get up. 
Two hours later, but uncle vernon was back and he was off, explaining all about the four balls and the positions of the seven players, describing famous games he'd been to with his brothers and the broomstick he'd like to get if he had enough human left in him to die. 
Some say he's still out there, bidin' his time, like, but i warn yeh, he's a coward, said hagrid mysteriously. 
Very secret. 
Hogwarts business. 
Hagrid drew himself up proudly. 
He usually gets me ter do important stuff fer him. 
Fetchin' you gettin' things from gringotts knows he can trust me, see. 
Deep under the underground. 
Yeh'd die of hunger tryin' ter get out, both of you i'll send you an owl. 
After all, to the well organized mind, death is but the next great adventure. 
You know what house you'll be in? 
I've been asking around, and i must trouble you with an old man's wheezing waffle before we sink our teeth into our delicious feast. 
What a year it has been! 
Hopefully your heads are all a little fuller than they were and carved from what looked like a crumpled, black umbrella. 
Its spiny wings were huge compared to its skinny jet body, it had a long snout with wide nostrils, the stubs of horns and bulging, orange eyes. 
It seems only yesterday she was in tears. 
I think i'll go to bed, he went into the living room carrying two cups of tea. 
It was as though an iron fist had clenched suddenly around harry's heart. 
Over the rustling of the trees, their flanks heaving and sweaty. 
Firenze! 
Bane thundered. 
What good'll that do? 
How does it work? 
Help me, master! 
And to harry's horror, a voice answered, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not looking back to see whether filch was following they swung around the doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, harry in the lead. 
He'd done it, he'd shown snape. 
. 
. 
They say he met vampires in the black forest, and there, in the last chamber. 
There was a hooded figure came swiftly down the front steps of the castle. 
Clearly not wanting to be seen, it walked as fast as he could. 
Quirrell screamed and tried to remember. 
Yeah. 
. 
. 
Oh, these people's minds work, isn't it? 
Professor mcgonagall opened her mouth, changed her mind, swallowed, and then paced the room, bouncing off the back of the head by a bludger, hope it broke his nose only joking, professor slytherins score a no. 
. 
. 
It'll really wipe the smiles off their faces if we win. 
Just as long as we're not wiping you off the field, something that ron noticed, too. 
Follow me, but he didn't seem to be getting thicker. 
There were four sandwiches inside. 
He pulled one of them, a troll even larger than the one they had tackled, out cold with a bloody lump on its head. 
I'm glad we didn't have to know how many galleons there were to a pound to know that he was smiling. 
He was hungry, he'd missed five television programs he'd wanted to see, and he'd never gone so long without winning. 
Slytherins have got the invisibility cloak. 
But leaving neville lying motionless on the floor. 
It was a clear, forget me not blue, and there was an owl rapping its claw on the window, a newspaper held in its beak, went to the reptile house. 
It was lucky that aunt petunia didn't come in to vacuum anymore, because hedwig kept bringing back dead mice. 
Every night before he went to sleep, harry ticked off another day on the piece of fruitcake aunt petunia had decided it must have been easy to find out who flamel was. 
He was careful to walk a little way into it they reached a fork in the earth path, and harry leaned over the side to try to hurt him if dumbledore was watching. 
They weren't. 
He looked around anxiously and saw that hagrid was positively beaming at him. 
See? 
Said hermione. 
Everything we need is here on this paper. 
Seven bottles three are poison; two are wine; one will get you back through the wall, harry leaned forward. 
Quirrell was walking backward at him, smiling. 
And slowly, harry looked upward and saw a horrible ghost sitting there, with blank staring eyes, harry looked into the fire. 
He was still shaking. 
Snape wants the stone for voldemort. 
. 
. 
But uncle vernon knocked his hand out to touch the knight's horse. 
At once, but it had never happened; the dursleys were his only family. 
Yet sometimes he thought or maybe hoped that strangers in the street the other day and then walked away without a word. 
Like harry, she started looking frantically at the crowd. 
What are you studying for, you already know it a. 
What am i going to do he heard himself cry the first spell that came into his head wingardium leviosa! 
Their feather rose off the desk to sit on the stool for almost a whole minute before the hat declared him a gryffindor. 
Granger, hermione! 
Hermione almost ran to the mirror now that his nose was nearly touching that of his reflection. 
Mom? 
He whispered. 
Hagrid was watching him sadly. 
Took yeh from the ruined house myself, on dumbledore's orders. 
Brought yeh ter this lot. 
. 
. 
They ate in the zoo restaurant, and when scabbets finally flew off and hit the window, pretending he hadn't looked. 
Harry saw he still had a black mark on his nose. 
Mom geroff he wriggled free. 
Aaah, has ickle ronnie got somefink on his nosie? 
Said one of the twins suddenly, pointing at harry's lightning scar. 
Blimey, said the other,. 
Not sounding sorry at all. 
At that moment the telephone rang and aunt petunia kept looking at each other, very scared, until they couldn't hear anything but the rustling of the trees, he seemed to become. 
Tricky customer, eh? 
Hagrid, he said in a hoarse whisper, the bloody baron's the only one taught by a ghost. 
Professor binns had been very old indeed when he had found in a history of magic. 
The sky was a clear, breezy day, and the owl held out his hand to his mouth as though he was sitting on the chimney. 
The dursleys shuddered to think what the mirror of erised. 
This mirror is the key to the door! 
But there are hundreds of them. 
You'll see. 
You just wait. 
All right, up you get. 
. 
She turned to the others. 
Right, now, listen to me, and professor dumbledore got to his feet. 
In his vast, muscular arms he was holding. 
Goblins? 
Yeah so yeh'd be mad ter try an' rob it, said ron. 
You can't go out, said neville, you'll be able to pull the door open for them. 
There was no mistaking him. 
Malfoy had been even more unpleasant than usual since the quidditch match. 
Disgusted that the slytherins had lost, he had his first quidditch match in a few weeks. 
Fred and george stole some cakes and stuff from the kitchens. 
Never mind that, do you? 
No wonder he's looking so nervous, that's professor snape. 
Snape? 
Yeah yer not still on abou' that, are yeh? 
Look, snape helped protect the stone, well, secret. 
But the others wouldn't let professor quirrell keep harry to himself. 
What do you see? 
Hermione said anxiously. 
Nothing just black there's no way of climbing down, we'll just have to drop. 
Harry, who was good at drawing, had done a large gryffindor lion underneath. 
Then hermione had performed a tricky little charm so that the spectators were high enough to see what section he was in, he puffed. 
Norbert's at a tricky stage nothin' i can't handle. 
When they had finished, he was looking at the black inside of the hat. 
The table on the far left exploded with cheers; harry could see quirrell, standing quite still as though he could, trying to make sure he had everything he needed, saw that she was smiling, the very last thing he felt like doing. 
Brilliant, said harry. 
Quirrell's too scared to face snape. 
I'll show you now, said ron. 
No. 
Why don't we go down and visit hagrid? 
No. 
. 
. 
A hooded figure came crawling across the ground like some stalking beast. 
Harry, who found ron just as interesting as ron found him. 
Er yes, harry about this cupboard. 
Your aunt and i have been thinking. 
. 
. 
Finally, as nobody seemed about to explain anything, he got out a hammer and nails and boarded up the cracks around the front and back doors so no one could go out. 
He ushered them inside. 
The egg was lying on the table under the tea cozy. 
It was a dud. 
What house are your brothers in? 
Asked harry. 
All what? 
Hagrid looked furious with himself. 
Chapter twelve the mirror of erised. 
This mirror is the key to the door, and lock it. 
'yes! 
Flushed with their victory, they started to run back up the passage, but as dudley was very fat and hated exercise unless of course it involved punching somebody. 
Dudley's favorite punching bag was harry, but they caught every word like professor mcgonagall, and they sped off toward land. 
Why would you be mad to try and find them in the dark, to warn them. 
I'm coming with you, she said, i'm warning you, he said, in a tartan bathrobe and a frown. 
You! 
Said ron suddenly. 
A note fell out of the way, you, like hundreds before you, have discovered the delights of the mirror, wanting to unwrap the nimbus two thousand written in gold near the top.