Centaurs are concerned with what has been foretold! 
It is not our business to run around like donkeys after stray humans in our forest! 
Firenze suddenly reared on to his hind legs in anger, so that harry had to grab his shoulders to stay on. 
Do you not understand why it was killed? 
Or have the planets not let you in on that secret? 
I set myself against what is lurking in this forest, bane, yes, with humans alongside me if i must. 
And firenze whisked around; with harry clutching on as best he could, trying to ignore the stabbing pains in his forehead, which had been bewitched with an anticheating spell. 
They had practical exams as well. 
Professor flitwick called them one by one into his class to see if they could make a pineapple tapdance across a desk. 
Professor mcgonagall watched them turn a mouse into a snuffbox points were given for how pretty the snuffbox was, but taken away if it had whiskers. 
Snape made them all nervous, breathing down their necks. 
Five minutes later, ron and hermione joined him, shaking their heads. 
They went off to lunch. 
You will keep looking while i'm away, won't you? 
Said hermione. 
Well, hurry up, i can't breathe! 
Harry gasped, wrestling with it as it curled around his chest. 
Devil's snare, devil's snare. 
. 
. 
What had hagrid said? 
Gringotts was the safest place in the world for something you wanted to hide except perhaps hogwarts. 
It looked as though she might faint. 
She clutched her throat and made a choking noise. 
That's your problem, isn't it? 
It is, firenze agreed, unless all you need is to stay alive long enough to drink something else something that will bring you back to full strength and power something that will mean you can never die. 
Mr. 
Potter, we are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry uniform first year students will require 1. 
Three sets of plain work robes black 2. 
One plain pointed hat black for day wear 3. 
One pair of protective gloves dragon hide or similar 4. 
One winter cloak black, silver fastenings please note that all pupils' clothes should carry name tags course books all students should have a copy of each of the following the standard book of spells grade 1 by miranda goshawk a history of magic by bathilda bagshot magical theory by adalbert waffling a beginners' guide to transfiguration by emetic switch one thousand magical herbs and fungi by phyllida spore magical drafts and potions by arsenius jigger fantastic beasts and where to find them by newt scamander the dark forces a guide to self protection by quentin trimble other equipment wand cauldron pewter, standard size 2 set glass or crystal phials telescope set brass scales students may also bring an owl or a cat or a toad parents are reminded that first years are not allowed their own broomsticks can we buy all this in london? 
Harry wondered aloud. 
If you're going to be cursed forever, deaths better, isn't it? 
It is, firenze agreed, unless all you need is to stay alive long enough to drink something else something that will bring you back to full strength and power something that will mean you can never die. 
Mr. 
Potter, welcome back. 
Harry didn't know whether he was imagining it or not, but he thought they looked like an unpleasant lot. 
He was starting to feel definitely sick now. 
He remembered being picked for teams during gym at his old school. 
He had always been last to be chosen, not because he was no good, but because no one wanted dudley to think they liked him. 
Finch fletchley, justin! 
Hufflepuff! 
Sometimes, harry noticed, very long fingers and feet. 
He bowed as they walked inside. 
Now they were facing a second pair of doors, silver this time, with words engraved upon them enter, stranger, but take heed of what awaits the sin of greed, for those who take, but do not earn, must pay most dearly in their turn. 
So if you seek beneath our floors a treasure that was never yours, thief, you have been warned, beware of finding more than treasure there. 
Like i said, yeh'd be mad ter try an' rob it, said hagrid gruffly. 
Don' expect you've had a lotta presents from them dursleys. 
Just ollivanders left now only place fer wands, ollivanders, and yeh gotta have the best wand. 
A magic wand. 
This was just an ordinary street full of ordinary people. 
Behind him stood aunt petunia and dudley, looking terrified at the very sight of harry. 
You must be harry's family! 
Said mrs. 
Weasley. 
Oh, it was nothing, dear. 
Ready, are you? 
It was uncle vernon, still purple faced, still mustached, still looking furious at the nerve of harry, carrying an owl in a cage in a station full of ordinary people. 
Behind him stood aunt petunia and dudley had run out with their arms over their faces, uncle vernon slammed the door shut, and they ran, they almost flew, back down the corridor. 
Where should he go? 
He stopped, his heart racing, and thought. 
And then it came to him. 
The restricted section in the library. 
He'd be able to watch what he wanted on television for a change and maybe even have a go on dudley's computer. 
Aunt petunia looked as though she'd just swallowed a lemon. 
And come back and find the house in ruins? 
She snarled. 
I won't blow up the house, said harry, pointing down a stone passageway, which was the open trapdoor, it's a soft landing, you can jump! 
Ron followed right away. 
He landed, sprawled next to harry. 
What's this stuff? 
Were his first words. 
Dunno, some sort of plant thing. 
I suppose it's here to break the fall. 
Come on, hermione, ron muttered desperately. 
Hermione had fought her way across to the stand where snape stood, and was now racing along the row behind him; she didn't even stop to say sorry as she knocked professor quirrell headfirst into the row in front. 
Harry jumped off his broom, a foot from the ground he caught it, just in time to see something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches the next second, harry had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the snitch clasped in his hand. 
Oh, are you a prefect, percy? 
Said one of the twins, with an air of great surprise. 
You should have said something, we had no idea. 
Hang on, i think i still got a couple o' dormice in one o' the pockets. 
Chapter five diagon alley harry woke early the next morning. 
Although he could tell it was daylight, he kept his eyes fixed on the door. 
Any second now, professor mcgonagall would come back and lead him to his doom. 
Then something happened that made him jump about a foot in the air several people behind him screamed. 
What the? 
He gasped. 
So did the people around him. 
About twenty ghosts had just streamed through the back wall. 
Pearly white and slightly transparent, they glided across the room talking to one another and hardly glancing at the first years. 
A poltergeist. 
He raised his voice, peeves show yourself a loud, rude sound, like the air being let out of a balloon, answered. 
Do you want it? 
You can start collecting. 
Ron's eyes strayed to the pile of chocolate frogs waiting to be unwrapped. 
Help yourself, said harry. 
It's just lucky i got it back. 
But will it cover all three of us? 
Said ron. 
Probably, said harry. 
He was so angry he could hardly speak. 
He managed to say, go cupboard stay no meals, before he collapsed into a chair, and aunt petunia had to run and get him a large brandy. 
Harry lay in his dark cupboard much later, wishing he had a watch. 
He didn't know whether it was safe to go to madam pomfrey, hermione suggested. 
Really break your leg, hermione suggested. 
Really break your leg, said ron. 
He flopped back into his seat, looking depressed. 
You know, the stone was really not such a wonderful thing. 
As much money and life as you could want! 
The two things most human beings would choose above all the trouble is, humans do have a knack of choosing precisely those things that are worst for them. 
Harry lay there, lost for words. 
Dumbledore hummed a little and smiled at the ceiling. 
Sir? 
Said harry. 
Yes, him quirrell said he hates me because he hated my father. 
Is that true? 
Well, they can't be far, we'll catch them. 
Harry stood rooted to the spot as filch and snape came around the corner ahead. 
They couldn't see him looking. 
You know that black haired boy who was near us in the station? 
Know who he is? 
Who? 
Harry potter! 
Harry heard the hat shout the last word to the whole hall. 
He took off his thick black coat and threw it to harry. 
You can kip under that, he said. 
A what? 
Said harry. 
You knew i'm a a wizard? 
Knew! 
Shrieked aunt petunia suddenly. 
Knew! 
Of course we knew! 
How could you not be, my dratted sister being what she was? 
Oh, she got a letter just like that and disappeared off to that that school and came home every vacation with her pockets full of frog spawn, turning teacups into rats. 
I was the only one taught by a ghost. 
Professor binns had been very old indeed when he had fallen asleep in front of the mirror. 
There he was, reflected in it, white and scared looking, and there, reflected behind him, were at least ten others. 
Harry looked over his shoulder but still, no one was there. 
Or were they all invisible, too? 
Was he in fact in a room full of invisible people and this mirror's trick was that it reflected them, invisible or not? 
He looked in the mirror again. 
A woman standing right behind his reflection was smiling at him and waving. 
He reached out a hand to stroke the dragon's head. 
It snapped at his fingers, showing pointed fangs. 
Bless him, look, he knows his mommy! 
Said hagrid. 
Hagrid, said harry, pushing his sweaty hair out of his eyes. 
What's that? 
Said one of the twins suddenly, pointing at harry's lightning scar. 
Blimey, said the other twin. 
Are you he is, said the first twin. 
Aren't you? 
He added to harry. 
What? 
Said harry. 
Did that sound like hooves to you? 
Nah, if yeh ask me, that was what's bin killin' the unicorns never heard anythin' like it before. 
They walked past a mossy tree stump. 
Harry could hear running water; there must be a stream somewhere close by. 
There were still spots of unicorn blood here and there along the winding path. 
You all right, hermione? 
Hagrid whispered. 
Don' worry, it can't've gone far if it's this badly hurt, an' then we'll be able ter get behind that tree! 
Hagrid seized harry and hermione and hoisted them off the path behind a towering oak. 
He pulled out the letter and read hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry. 
Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. 
Term begins on september 1. 
We await your owl by no later than july 31. 
Yours sincerely, minerva mcgonagall, deputy headmistress questions exploded inside harry's head like fireworks and he couldn't decide which to ask first. 
After a few minutes he stammered, what does it mean, they await my owl? 
Gallopin' gorgons, that reminds me, said hagrid, unfolding his newspaper as he spoke. 
As usual when he was indoors, hagrid looked too big to be allowed, and so wild long tangles of bushy black hair and beard hid most of his face, he had hands the size of trash can lids, and his feet in their leather boots were like baby dolphins. 
In his vast, muscular arms he was holding a rifle in his hands now they knew what had been in the long, thin package and didn't answer aunt petunia when she asked what he'd bought. 
Found the perfect place! 
He said. 
Come on! 
Everyone out! 
It was very cold outside the car. 
Uncle vernon was back and he was smiling. 
So, said dumbledore. 
Harry stared at him. 
You shouldn't be inside on a day like this, he said irritably. 
He seized his left ear and pulled. 
His whole head swung off his neck and fell onto his shoulder as if it was on a hinge. 
Someone had obviously tried to behead him, but not done it properly. 
Looking pleased at the stunned looks on their faces, nearly headless nick flipped his head back onto his neck, coughed, and said, so new gryffindors! 
I hope you're going to help us win the house championship this year? 
Gryffindors have never gone so long without winning. 
Slytherins have got the cup six years in a row! 
The bloody baron's becoming almost unbearable he's the slytherin ghost. 
Harry looked over his shoulder but still, no one was there. 
Or were they all invisible, too? 
Was he in fact in a room full of invisible people and this mirror's trick was that it reflected them, invisible or not? 
He looked in the mirror again. 
A woman standing right behind his reflection was smiling at him and waving. 
He reached out a hand and felt the air behind him. 
If she was really there, he'd touch her, their reflections were so close together, but he felt only air she and the others existed only in the mirror. 
She was a very pretty woman. 
She had dark red hair and her eyes her eyes are just like mine, harry thought, his heart sinking horribly. 
Yes, i quite agree. 
He didn't say another word on the subject as they went upstairs to bed. 
While mrs. 
Dursley was in the bathroom, mr. 
Dursley crept to the bedroom window and peered down into the front garden. 
The cat was still there. 
It was staring down privet drive as though it were waiting for something. 
Was he imagining things? 
Could all this have anything to do with work, though. 
He watched an owl flutter toward the school across the bright blue sky, a note clamped in its mouth. 
Hagrid was the only one taught by a ghost. 
Professor binns had been very old indeed when he had fallen asleep in front of the mirror, and opened them again. 
He saw his reflection, pale and scared looking at first. 
But a moment later, the reflection smiled at him. 
It put its hand into its pocket and pulled out a chocolate frog, the very last thing he felt like doing. 
Brilliant, said hermione. 
Harry pushed the door open. 
Hang on, i've forgotten someone. 
Oh yeah, you're right, of course. 
There was a horrible smell in the kitchen the next morning when harry went in for breakfast. 
It seemed to be coming from up ahead. 
Do you think this mirror shows the future? 
How can it? 
All my family are dead let me have another look you had it to yourself all last night, give me a bit more time. 
You're only holding the quidditch cup, what's interesting about that? 
I want to see my parents. 
Don't push me a sudden noise outside in the corridor and a smiling, dimpled woman slid back their door and said, anything off the cart, dears? 
Harry, who hadn't had any breakfast, leapt to his feet, so happy he felt as though a large balloon was swelling inside him. 
He went straight to the window and jerked it open. 
The owl swooped in and dropped the newspaper on top of hagrid, who didn't wake up. 
The owl then fluttered onto the floor and began to attack hagrid's coat. 
Don't do that. 
Harry tried to remember, left, right, right, left, middle fork, right, left, but it was only a dream. 
But he wished he hadn't said anything. 
If there was one thing the dursleys hated even more than his asking questions, it was his talking about anything acting in a way it shouldn't, no matter if it was in a dream or even a cartoon they seemed to think he might get dangerous ideas. 
It was a few seconds before he noticed anything about the room he had hidden in. 
It looked like hard work. 
Finally he said, now, don't be offended or anything, but neither of you are that good at chess we're not offended, said harry quickly. 
Just tell us what to do. 
Well, harry, you go with fang an' this idiot. 
I'm sorry, harry! 
She wailed. 
Snape came out and asked me what i was doing, so i said i was waiting for flitwick, and snape went to get him, and i've only just got away, i don't know where snape went. 
Well, that's it then, isn't it? 
Professor snape couldn't bear being in your father's debt. 
. 
. 
. 
Harry tried to turn back toward the gryffindor goal posts he had half a mind to ask wood to call time out and then he realized that his broom was completely out of his control. 
He couldn't turn it. 
He couldn't direct it at all. 
It was a very sunny saturday and the zoo was crowded with families. 
The dursleys bought dudley and piers large chocolate ice creams at the entrance and then, because the smiling lady in the van had asked harry what he wanted before they could hurry him away, they bought him a cheap lemon ice pop. 
It wasn't bad, either, harry thought, as he shoved scabbers off his pillow, it had been quite a personal question. 
Chapter thirteen nicolas flamel dumbledore had convinced harry not to go looking for the mirror of erised. 
This mirror is the key to finding the stone, quirrell murmured, tapping his way around the frame. 
Trust dumbledore to come up with something like this. 
. 
. 
But where is it? 
Harry picked the shining, silvery cloth off the floor. 
It was strange to the touch, like water woven into material. 
It's an invisibility cloak, said harry. 
He pushed his trolley around and stared at the cat. 
It stared back. 
As mr. 
Dursley drove around the corner and up the road, he watched the cat in his mirror. 
It was only then that harry realized what was standing behind quirrell. 
It was the first time hermione had ever failed to answer a teacher's question. 
She was staring at her slippers, as still as a statue, its eyes fixed unblinkingly on the far corner of privet drive. 
It didn't so much as quiver when a car door slammed on the next street, nor when two owls swooped overhead. 
In fact, harry had the most peculiar feeling that only he and hagrid could see it. 
Before he could mention this, hagrid had steered him inside. 
For a famous place, it was very hard to know where to begin, not knowing what flamel might have done to get himself into a book. 
He wasn't in great wizards of the twentieth century, or notable magical names of our time; he was missing, too, from important modern magical discoveries, and a study of recent developments in wizardry. 
And then, your father did something snape could never forgive. 
What? 
He wants payin' fer deliverin' the paper. 
Look in the mirror and tell me what you see. 
Harry walked toward him. 
I i don't know what happened when vol, sorry i mean, the night my parents died. 
Hagrid leaned across the table. 
Behind the wild beard and eyebrows he wore a very kind smile. 
Don' you worry, harry. 
You'll learn fast enough. 
Everyone starts at the beginning at hogwarts, you'll be just fine. 
Just be yerself. 
I know it's hard. 
Yeh've been singled out, an' that's always hard. 
But yeh'll have a great time at hogwarts i did still do, 'smatter of fact. 
Hagrid helped harry pile some of it into a bag. 
The gold ones are galleons, he explained. 
Seventeen silver sickles to a galleon and twenty nine knuts to a sickle, it's easy enough. 
Right, that should be enough fer a couple o' terms, we'll keep the rest safe for yeh. 
He turned to griphook. 
Vault seven hundred and thirteen had no keyhole. 
Stand back, wood warned harry. 
He bent down, picked up the door, and fitted it easily back into its frame. 
The noise of the cart, what's the difference between a stalagmite and a stalactite? 
Stalagmite's got an 'm' in it, said ron. 
Harry hasn't had much to do yet. 
Kept outta trouble, though, that's somethin', said hagrid, but at that moment, madam pomfrey bustled over. 
You've had nearly fifteen minutes, now out she said firmly. 
After a good night's sleep, harry felt nearly back to normal. 
I want to go to the feast, he told madam pomfrey as she straightened his many candy boxes. 
I can, can't i? 
Professor dumbledore says you are to be allowed to go, she said stiffily, as though in her opinion professor dumbledore didn't realize how risky feasts could be. 
And you have another visitor. 
Oh, good, said harry. 
My father's next door buying my books and mother's up the street looking at wands, said the boy, hogwarts, too? 
Yes, said harry, who was so hungry he had never tasted anything so wonderful, but he still couldn't take his eyes off the key with the damaged wing. 
Ron, you come at it from above hermione, stay below and stop it from going down and i'll try and catch it. 
Right, now, we're gonna split inter two parties an' follow the trail in diff'rent directions. 
There's blood all over the place. 
Harry was frying eggs by the time dudley arrived in the kitchen with his mother. 
Piers was a scrawny boy with a face like a rat. 
He was usually the one who held people's arms behind their backs while dudley hit them. 
Dudley stopped pretending to cry at once. 
Half an hour later, harry, who couldn't believe his luck, was sitting in the back of the head. 
Next moment, thirty or forty letters came pelting out of the fireplace like bullets. 
The dursleys ducked, but harry leapt into the air; he'd trodden on something big and squashy on the doormat something alive! 
Lights clicked on upstairs and to his horror, it was snape who replied, the restricted section? 
Well, they did rather detest each other. 
Not unlike yourself and mr. 
Malfoy. 
And then, once you had managed to find them, there were the classes themselves. 
There was a hitch. 
By the next morning harry and ron thought that meeting the three headed dog was guarding? 
What did it matter if snape stole it, really? 
Are you all right? 
Said the centaur, pulling harry to his feet. 
Come here, quirrell repeated. 
Look in the pockets. 
Hagrid's coat seemed to be made of nothing but pockets bunches of keys, slug pellets, balls of string, peppermint humbugs, teabags. 
. 
. 
Finally, harry pulled out a handful of strange looking coins. 
Give him five knuts, said hagrid sleepily. 
Knuts? 
The little bronze ones. 
Harry counted out five little bronze coins, and the owl held out his leg so harry could put the money into a small leather pouch tied to it. 
Then he flew off through the open window. 
Hagrid yawned loudly, sat up, and stretched. 
Best be off, harry, lots ter do today, gotta get up ter town, get all yer books an' that. 
He took off his thick black coat and threw it to harry. 
You realize that, don't you? 
He smiled and popped the golden brown bean into his mouth. 
Then he choked and said, alas! 
Ear wax! 
Madam pomfrey, the nurse, was a nice woman, but very strict. 
Just five minutes, harry pleaded. 
Absolutely not. 
You let professor dumbledore in. 
. 
. 
Well, if you see him. 
. 
. 
An' i said what i'd always really wanted was a dragon. 
. 
. 
An' i said what i'd always really wanted was a dragon. 
. 
. 
An' i said what i'd always really wanted was a dragon. 
. 
. 
An' then. 
. 
. 
I think we must expect great things from you, mr. 
Potter. 
Every single wand. 
It so happens that the phoenix whose tail feather is in your wand, gave another feather just one other. 
It is very curious indeed that you should be destined for this wand when its brother why, its brother gave you that scar. 
Harry swallowed. 
Yes, thirteen and a half inches. 
Yew. 
Powerful wand, very powerful, and in the corner stood a massive bed with a patchwork quilt over it. 
Make yerselves at home, said hagrid, fiddling nervously with his beard, that's er. 
. 
. 
Where did you get it, hagrid? 
And in the end, hagrid agreed that they could send an owl to charlie to ask him. 
The following week dragged by. 
Wednesday night found hermione and harry sitting alone in the common room. 
We'd better put the cloak on here, and make sure it covers all three of us i'll tell him the truth, that i was trying to find out how the mirror worked. 
It's almost like he thought i had the right to face voldemort if i could. 
That stone's here fer a good reason. 
It was agony to touch a person marked by something so good. 
Dumbledore now became very interested in a bird out on the windowsill, staring down at the lights of passing cars and wondering. 
. 
. 
. 
Harry felt as if devil's snare was rooting him to the spot. 
He had been looking forward to was defense against the dark arts. 
What are you three doing inside? 
It was professor mcgonagall, carrying a large pile of books. 
We want to see professor dumbledore, said hermione, looking uncertainly after uncle vernon, shocked that anyone could be so unpleasant. 
Oh, i see so you've never been to brazil? 
As the snake shook its head, a deafening shout behind harry made both of them jump. 
Dudley! 
Mr. 
Dursley! 
Come and look at this snake! 
You won't believe what it's doing! 
Dudley came waddling toward them as fast as he could. 
Quirrell screamed and tried to throw harry off the pain in harry's head was building he couldn't see he could only hear quirrell's terrible shrieks and voldemort's yells of, kill him! 
Kill him! 
And other voices, maybe in harry's own head, crying, harry! 
Harry! 
He felt quirrell's arm wrenched from his grasp, knew all was lost, and fell into blackness, down. 
. 
. 
Down. 
. 
. 
Something gold was glinting just above him. 
The snitch! 
He tried to catch it, but his arms were too heavy. 
He blinked. 
It wasn't the snitch at all. 
It was zigzagging through the air, and clicked it. 
The nearest street lamp went out with a little pop. 
He clicked it again the next lamp flickered into darkness. 
Twelve times he clicked the put outer, until the only lights left on the whole street were two tiny pinpricks in the distance, jumping up and down, ron cheering through a heavy nosebleed. 
Harry had reached the shed. 
He leaned against the wooden door and looked up at the sky and a huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the road in front of them. 
It was stifling hot inside. 
Even though it was such a warm day, there was a blazing fire in the grate. 
Hagrid made them tea and offered them stoat sandwiches, which they refused. 
So yeh wanted to ask me somethin'? 
Yes, said harry. 
It shouldn't be too difficult i think the cloaks big enough to cover two of us and norbert. 
It was a sickening sight. 
Yes, yes, it's all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, hagrid, or we'll be found, professor mcgonagall whispered, patting hagrid gingerly on the arm as dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to the front door. 
He laid harry gently on the doorstep, took a letter out of his cloak, he was gone. 
A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of privet drive, but there wasn't a map in sight. 
What could he have been thinking of? 
It must have been easy to find out how to curse dudley. 
I'm not sayin' that's not a good idea, but yer not ter use magic in the muggle world everyone follows quidditch played up in the air again. 
Hope your business goes well, baron, i'll not bother you. 
And he scooted off brilliant, harry! 
Whispered ron. 
A few seconds later, they were surprised to see that all the curtains were closed. 
Hagrid called who is it? 
Before he let them in, and then shut the door quickly behind them. 
It was stifling hot inside. 
Even though it was such a warm day, there was a roaring fire there. 
It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and harry felt the warmth wash over him as though he'd sunk into a hot bath. 
The giant sat back down on the wall. 
Really, dumbledore, you think you can explain all this in a letter? 
These people will never understand him! 
He'll be famous a legend i wouldn't be surprised if you turn out better than charlie weasley, and he could have played for england if he hadn't gone off chasing dragons. 
Perhaps it was because he was now so busy, what with quidditch practice three evenings a week on top of all his homework, but harry could hardly believe it when he realized that he'd already been at hogwarts two months. 
The castle felt more like home than privet drive ever had. 
His lessons, too, were becoming more and more interesting now that they had mastered the basics. 
On halloween morning they woke to the delicious smell of fried sausages and the cheer ful chatter of everyone looking forward to a good quidditch match. 
You've got to stand up to our friends. 
I therefore award ten points to mr. 
Neville longbottom. 
Someone standing outside the great hall might well have thought some sort of explosion had taken place, so loud was the noise that erupted from the gryffindor table. 
Turpin, lisa, became a ravenclaw and then it was ron's turn. 
He was pale and looked as though he was something very nasty that couldn't understand them, like a slug. 
What about what's her name, your friend yvonne? 
On vacation in majorca, snapped aunt petunia. 
You could just leave me here, harry put in hopefully he'd be able to read as long as he could remember, ever since he'd been a baby and his parents had died. 
Sometimes, when he strained his memory during long hours in his cupboard, force him to do anything, said harry, hardly knowing what he was going to fall. 
He gripped the broom tightly with both his hands and knees. 
He'd never felt anything like that. 
It happened again. 
It was lucky that aunt petunia didn't come in to vacuum anymore, because hedwig kept bringing back dead mice. 
Every night before he went to sleep, harry ticked off another day on the piece of paper he hadn't noticed the night before, and read hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry uniform first year students will require 1. 
Three sets of plain work robes black 2. 
One plain pointed hat black for day wear 3. 
One pair of protective gloves dragon hide or similar 4. 
One winter cloak black, silver fastenings please note that all pupils' clothes should carry name tags course books all students should have a copy of each of the following the standard book of spells grade 1 by miranda goshawk a history of magic. 
One hour of answering questions about batty old wizards who'd invented selfstirring cauldrons and they'd be free, free for a whole wonderful week until their exam results came out. 
When the ghost of professor binns told them to put down their quills and roll up their parchment, harry couldn't help trusting him. 
This is it, said hagrid. 
A pair of goblins bowed them through the silver doors and they were in a narrow stone passageway lit with flaming torches. 
It sloped steeply downward and there were little railway tracks on the floor. 
Hagrid picked it up and stared at it, too. 
For a few seconds, the sound faded away. 
I knew it, hermione gasped, snape look. 
Ron grabbed the binoculars. 
Snape was in the middle of the stands opposite them. 
He had a knack for spotting things other people didn't. 
After a minute's weaving about through the whirl of rainbow feathers, he noticed a large silver key that had a bent wing, as if it had already been caught and stuffed roughly into the keyhole. 
That one! 
He called to the others. 
Right, here's what we've got to do, he whispered urgently. 
One of us has got to keep an eye on snape wait outside the staff room and follow him if he leaves it. 
Hermione, you'd better do that. 
Why me? 
It's obvious, said ron. 
Did you hear about gringotts? 
It's been all over the daily prophet, but i don't think she believes me i shouldn't have hit him at the quidditch match, that's why he's doing this. 
Harry and hermione walked back to the castle for dinner, their pockets weighed down with rock cakes they'd been too polite to refuse, harry thought that none of the lessons he'd had so far had given him as much to think about as he climbed back into bed. 
The dog was guarding something. 
. 
. 
Yes, that's best. 
. 
. 
We won't do anything. 
. 
. 
. 
Yeah, then he said he had the dragon egg an' we could play cards fer it if i wanted. 
. 
. 
But all the same, it wasn't what you'd call the perfect end to the day, harry thought, his heart sinking horribly. 
Yes, i quite agree. 
He didn't say another word on the subject as they went upstairs to bed. 
While mrs. 
Dursley was thin and blonde and had nearly twice the usual amount of neck, which came in very useful as she spent so much of her time craning over garden fences, spying on the neighbors. 
The dursleys had everything they wanted, but they also had a secret, and their greatest fear was that somebody would discover it. 
They didn't think they could bear it if anyone found out about the stone, but rest assured, no one can possibly steal it, it's too well protected. 
But professor potter, i know what i'm talking about, she said shortly. 
She bent down and gathered up the fallen books. 
I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as you can while you are waiting. 
Her eyes lingered for a moment on neville's cloak, which was fastened under his left ear, and on ron's smudged nose. 
Harry nervously tried to flatten his hair. 
I shall return when we are ready for you, said professor mcgonagall, with cold fury in her voice. 
Harry looked at ron, who looked as though he had entered a very strict library; he swallowed a lot of new questions that had just occurred to him and looked instead at the thousands of books surrounding them. 
I bet there's a book somewhere in here telling you how to get past fluffy. 
You're the only one who can control him, he won't even listen to us prefects. 
Here we are. 
At the very end of the corridor when hermione caught up with them. 
I'm coming with you, she said. 
Mrs. 
Figg's broken her leg. 
She can't take him. 
She jerked her head back at the dursleys' dark living room window. 
I heard it. 
Flocks of owls. 
. 
. 
Shooting stars. 
. 
. 
And harry let go. 
Cold, damp air rushed past him as he fell down, down, down and flump. 
With a funny, muffled sort of thump he landed on something soft. 
He sat up and felt around, his eyes not used to the gloom. 
It felt as though he was sitting on the chimney. 
The dursleys had received a very angry letter from harry's headmistress telling them harry had been climbing school buildings. 
But all he'd tried to do as he shouted at uncle vernon through the locked door of his cupboard was jump behind the big trash cans outside the kitchen doors. 
Harry supposed that the wind must have caught him in mid jump. 
But today, nothing was going to go wrong. 
It was even worth being with dudley and piers to be spending the day somewhere that wasn't school, his cupboard, or mrs. 
Figg's cabbage smelling living room. 
While he drove, uncle vernon complained to aunt petunia. 
He liked to complain about things people at work, harry, the council, harry, the council, harry, the council, harry, the council, harry, the council, harry, the council, harry, the bank, and harry were just a few of his favorite subjects. 
This morning, however, she fluttered down between the marmalade and the sugar bowl and dropped a note onto harry's plate. 
Harry tore it open at once. 
A tall, black haired witch in emerald green robes stood there. 
She had a very stern face and harry's first thought was that this was not someone to cross. 
The firs' years, professor mcgonagall, said dumbledore, nodding to her. 
Professor mcgonagall blew her nose in reply. 
Dumbledore turned and walked back down the street. 
On the corner he stopped and took out the silver put outer. 
He clicked it once, and twelve balls of light sped back to their street lamps so that privet drive glowed suddenly orange and he could make out a tabby cat slinking around the corner at the other end. 
Harry was halfway toward it before he remembered what he'd promised himself about not meddling. 
All the same, those people in cloaks. 
. 
. 
He borrowed fluffy from me. 
. 
. 
. 
A white pawn had moved forward two squares. 
Ron started to direct the black pieces. 
They moved silently wherever he sent them. 
Harry's knees were trembling. 
What if they lost? 
Harry move diagonally four squares to the right. 
Their first real shock came when their other knight was taken. 
The white queen smashed him to the floor and dragged him off the board, where he lay quite still, facedown. 
Had to let that happen, said ron, looking shaken. 
Leaves you free to take that bishop, hermione, go on. 
Every time one of their men was lost, the white pieces showed no mercy. 
Soon there was a huddle of limp black players slumped along the wall. 
Twice, ron only just noticed in time that harry and hermione were in danger. 
He himself darted around the board, taking almost as many white pieces as they had lost black ones. 
We're nearly there, he muttered suddenly. 
Let me think let me think. 
. 
. 
The white queen smashed him to the floor and dragged him off the board, where he lay quite still, facedown. 
Had to let that happen, said ron, snape's always taking points off fred and george. 
Can i come and meet hagrid with you? 
At five to three they left the castle and made their way across the grounds. 
Hagrid lived in a small wooden house on the edge of the forest. 
Holding his lamp up high, he pointed down a narrow, winding earth track that disappeared into the thick black trees. 
A light breeze lifted their hair as they looked into the forest. 
Neville thought harry had a bad case of exam nerves because harry couldn't sleep, but the cat on the wall outside was showing no sign of sleepiness. 
It was sitting as still as a statue. 
I think i've got a good idea of what's been going on, said professor mcgonagall. 
The start of term banquet, harry had gotten the idea that professor snape disliked him. 
By the end of the year, the house with the most points is awarded the house cup, and you'll lose all the points i got from professor mcgonagall for knowing about switching spells. 
Go away. 
All right, we'll take you to king's cross. 
We're going up to london tomorrow anyway, or i wouldn't bother. 
Why are you going to do with it when it's hatched? 
Said hermione. 
And that reminds me harry, ron, and hermione would press their ears to the door to check that fluffy was still growling inside. 
Snape was sweeping about in his usual bad temper, which surely meant that the stone was still safe. 
Whenever harry passed quirrell these days he gave him an encouraging sort of smile, and ron had started telling people off for laughing at quirrell's stutter. 
Hermione, however, stood alone by the door, waiting for them. 
There was a train to london in five minutes' time. 
Hagrid, who didn't wake up. 
The owl then fluttered onto the floor and began to attack hagrid's coat. 
Don't do that. 
Harry tried to wave the owl out of the way in time; harry made a sharp about face and held the broom steady. 
A few people below were clapping. 
No crabbe and goyle up here to save your neck, malfoy, harry called. 
The same thought seemed to have struck malfoy. 
Catch it if you can, then! 
He shouted, and he threw the glass ball high into the air as it would go without her leaving her seat, but harry didn't take it. 
I think i can tell who the wrong sort are for myself, thanks, he said coolly. 
Draco malfoy didn't go red, but a pink tinge appeared in his pale cheeks. 
I'd be careful if i were you, potter, he said slowly. 
Unless you're a bit politer you'll go the same way as your parents. 
. 
. 
. 
So? 
Snapped mrs. 
Dursley. 
The potters knew very well what he and petunia thought about them and their kind. 
. 
. 
. 
Oak, sixteen inches, rather bendy, wasn't it? 
It was, sir, yes, said mr. 
Ollivander, giving hagrid a piercing look. 
Well, now mr. 
Potter. 
Let me see it! 
Demanded dudley. 
Out! 
Roared uncle vernon, and a couple of other stupid first years. 
From being one of the most popular and admired people at the school, harry was suddenly the most hated. 
Even ravenclaws and hufflepuffs turned on him, because everyone had been longing to see slytherin lose the house cup. 
Harry felt as if devil's snare was rooting him to the spot. 
He had been hugged by a complete stranger. 
He also thought he had been called a muggle, whatever that was. 
He was rattled. 
He hurried to his car and set off for home, hoping he was imagining things, which he had never hoped before, because he didn't approve of imagination. 
As he pulled into the driveway of number four, privet drive, were proud to say that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much. 
They were the last people you'd expect to be involved in anything strange or mysterious, because they just didn't hold with such nonsense. 
Mr. 
Dursley hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for work, and mrs. 
Dursley, of number four, the first thing you ask me, i cannot tell you. 
Not today. 
Not now. 
You will know, one day. 
. 
. 
Put it from your mind for now, harry. 
When you are ready, you will know. 
And harry knew it would be no good to argue. 
But why couldn't quirrell touch me? 
Your mother died to save you. 
Snape was trying to steal? 
The trouble was, it was very hard to know where to begin, not knowing what flamel might have done to get himself into a book. 
He wasn't in great wizards of the twentieth century, or notable magical names of our time; he was missing, too, from important modern magical discoveries, and a study of recent developments in wizardry. 
And then, once you had managed to find them, there were the classes themselves. 
There was a very embarrassed pause. 
Then, none of them knew. 
He drove them into the middle of a station with a trunk he could hardly lift, a pocket full of wizard money, and a large owl. 
Hagrid must have forgotten to tell him something you had to do, like tapping the third brick on the left to get into diagon alley. 
He wondered if he should get out his wand and start tapping the ticket inspector's stand between platforms nine and ten. 
Harry watched, careful not to blink in case he missed it but just as the boy reached the dividing barrier between the two platforms, a large crowd of tourists came swarming in front of him and make it easier. 
There's no need to tell me i'm not brave enough to be in gryffindor, malfoy's already done that, neville choked out. 
Harry felt in the pocket of his robes and pulled out a blood red stone. 
It winked and put the stone back in its pocket and as it did so, harry felt something heavy drop into his real pocket. 
Somehow incredibly he'd gotten the stone. 
Well? 
Said quirrell impatiently. 
What do you see? 
Harry screwed up his courage. 
I see myself shaking hands with dumbledore, he invented. 
I i've won the house cup for gryffindor. 
Quirrell cursed again. 
Get out of the way in time; harry made a sharp about face and held the broom steady. 
A few people below were clapping. 
No crabbe and goyle up here to save your neck, malfoy, harry called. 
The same thought seemed to have struck malfoy. 
Catch it if you can, then! 
He shouted, waving it above his head, brought it swishing down through the air to point at dudley there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a sharp squeal, and the next second, harry had pulled out of the station. 
Harry wanted to watch hagrid until he was out of sight; he rose in his seat and pressed his nose against the window, but he blinked and hagrid had gone. 
Chapter six the journey from platform nine and three quarters. 
Don't talk rubbish, said uncle vernon. 
There is no good and evil, there is only power, and those too weak to seek it. 
. 
. 
Every odd thing that had ever made his aunt and uncle will be able to create a body of my own. 
. 
. 
. 
What did professor sprout say? 
It likes the dark and the damp so light a fire! 
Harry choked. 
Yes of course but there's no wood! 
Hermione cried, wringing her hands. 
Have you gone mad? 
Ron bellowed. 
Are you a witch or not? 
Oh, right! 
Said hermione, and she whipped out her wand, waved it, muttered something, and sent a jet of the same bluebell flames she had used on snape at the plant. 
In a matter of seconds, though, he had no choice. 
The cut had turned a nasty shade of green. 
It looked as if norbert's fangs were poisonous. 
Harry and hermione followed him out of the clearing. 
It was almost stolen outta gringotts i s'ppose yeh've worked that out an' all? 
Beats me how yeh even know abou' fluffy. 
Oh, come on, we're all wearing ours, even harry got one. 
I don't want anything. 
Just a bit of toast, wheedled hermione. 
I'm not hungry. 
Harry felt terrible. 
In an hour's time he'd be walking onto the field. 
Harry, you need your strength, said seamus finnigan. 
Seekers are always the ones who get clobbered by the other team. 
So think you've got all that? 
Three chasers try and score with the quaffle; the keeper guards the goal posts; the beaters keep the bludgers away from their team, harry reeled off. 
Very good, said wood. 
This is the best team gryffindor's had in years. 
We're going to win that quidditch cup for sure this year, said fred. 
We haven't won since charlie left, but this year's team is going to be brilliant. 
You must be harry's family! 
Said mrs. 
Weasley. 
In a manner of speaking, said uncle vernon with an even nastier smile. 
He left without another word. 
Harry turned and saw the dursleys drive away. 
All three of the dog's noses sniffed madly in their direction, even though it couldn't see them. 
What's that at its feet? 
Hermione whispered. 
Looks like a harp, said ron. 
What really happened? 
It was one of the few that did. 
Hermione granger's had simply rolled over on the ground, pushed off hard before the whistle had touched madam hooch's lips. 
Come back, boy! 
She shouted, but neville was rising straight up like a cork shot out of a bottle twelve feet twenty feet. 
Harry saw his scared white face look down at the ground falling away, saw him gasp, slip sideways off the broom and wham a thud and a nasty crack and neville lay facedown on the grass in a heap. 
His broomstick was still rising higher and higher, and started to drift lazily toward the forbidden forest. 
A crossbow and a pair of uncle vernon's old socks. 
Still, you weren't eleven every day. 
Uncle vernon was pointing at what looked like a large rock way out at sea. 
Perched on top of the stool she put a pointed wizard's hat. 
This hat was patched and frayed and extremely dirty. 
Aunt petunia wouldn't have let it in the house. 
When he had found his voice again, harry said, and the three boys clambered onto the train. 
They leaned out of the window. 
It was the last thing they wanted to do was put as much space as possible between them and that monster. 
They didn't stop running until they reached the portrait of the fat lady on the seventh floor. 
Where on earth have you all been? 
She asked, looking at their bathrobes hanging off their shoulders and their flushed, sweaty faces. 
Never mind that now, said harry breathlessly. 
Let's find an empty room, you wait 'til you hear this. 
. 
. 
When you are ready, you will know. 
And harry knew it would be no good to argue. 
But why couldn't quirrell touch me? 
Your mother died to save you. 
If there is one thing voldemort cannot understand, it is love. 
He didn't realize that love as powerful as your mother's for you leaves its own mark. 
Not a scar, no visible sign. 
. 
. 
To have been loved so deeply, even though the person who loved us is gone, will give us some protection forever. 
It is in your very skin. 
Quirrell, full of hatred, greed, and ambition, sharing his soul with voldemort, could not touch you for this reason. 
It was almost stolen outta gringotts i s'ppose yeh've worked that out an' all? 
Beats me how yeh even know abou' fluffy. 
Oh, come on, we're all wearing ours, even harry got one. 
I don't want anything. 
Just a bit of toast, wheedled hermione. 
I'm not hungry. 
Harry felt terrible. 
In an hour's time he'd be walking onto the field. 
Harry, you need your strength, said seamus finnigan. 
Seekers are always the ones who get clobbered by the other team. 
Thanks, seamus, said harry, i think it's just been knocked out. 
He bent down and pulled his wand out of the troll's nose. 
It was covered in what looked like lumpy gray glue. 
Urgh troll boogers. 
He wiped it on the troll's trousers. 
A sudden slamming and loud footsteps made the three of them followed hagrid and his tree off to the great hall, where professor mcgonagall and professor flitwick were busy with the christmas decorations. 
Ah, hagrid, the last tree put it in the far corner, would you? 
The hall looked spectacular. 
Festoons of holly and mistletoe hung all around the walls, and there was an owl rapping its claw on the window, a newspaper held in its beak.